Name: Cooper Willetts
Section: 0101
Honor Pledge: I pledge on my honor that I have not received any unauthorized assistance on this HW assignment
Digital Signature: Cooper Willetts

Part 1: 

In order to obtain the answers to these questions I would attempt to present myself as someone who is similar to Eric Norman, similar Career path, Similar age, use OSINT to find out his common hobbies and study up, basically be his friend. I would do this so that Eric would feel the most comfortable around me and we would have items to talk about in general, not just trying to get the needed information.

Mothers Maiden Name: In order to gain his mother's maiden name, I would ask a question similar to "Isnt your grandma on your moms side Mary Smith (or some fake person)?". This response will ellicit him to tell me no, my grandma on that side is actually "...", which will contain his mothers maiden name. 

Her primary Browser: I would ask if his mom is very tech savvy, regardless of answer, I would followup with the statement that my mother is not very tech savvy and is having issues finding a browser and if his could reccomend the browser his mom uses

Mother City Born - I would ask him if he grew up around here, if yes then ask if his family is from here. If no, ask him where he and his family is from. No matter where he says, say you have family in that area or have heard its a great place to live/grow up. Both of these responses will detail most of the locations that his family is from, more than likely giving the location of his mother's birthplace. 
 
ATM Pin: Getting someone else's bank pin is not something that can be straight up asked in a conversation, but the topics that relate to the pin can be asked about. Most bank pins are related to a birthday, graduation, year of marriage, some important life event. If we are able to ask Eric these basic questions about his mom, we could already have an answer just by knowing her birthdate. In addition to these common dates, we could also hope that the classics might work, eg 1234, 1111 etc. Here is an article that details most of the common pins and just how common they are : https://www.cio.com/article/2371623/atm-pin-numbers--easier-to-steal-than-you-think.html. If these methods did not work, I would pursue a different avenue. I would explain to Eric that my mother would be in town this weekend and would love the chance to chat with his mom, or some other type of event that would lead to me getting her contact information. With this information, I would then pursue a phishing attack, impersonating the bank, in an attempt for Mrs. Norman to give me her bank pin to 'reset' it. 

Name of First Pet: I would tell him that my mom is looking into getting another pet. I would then ask him if his mom has pets, based on that answer I would ask general inquiry questions about the pets. These questions would lead to me asking him about his mom's pet history, which then I would ask about her experience with her first pet. 

Part 2: 

Exposed Ports: The main reason we were able to break into the server was because we were able to spot an open port. The solution of closing this open port would be to create a firewall on the server to block all access to all open ports. In addition to closing all the open ports on the server, Eric could implement a configuration where only certain IP addresses can access the server. Another implementation that Eric could add to the server would be to add a notification to be aware when someone is 'poking' around at the server with active tools. There are lots more ways Eric could figure the firewall to keep hackers out, this article details various methods of implementing firewalls: https://www.securitymetrics.com/blog/how-configure-firewall-5-steps 

Weak Passwords: As there were many issues that were related to the server, one of the worst was the fact that we were able to gain full access to the server within hours by just trying a bunch of common passwords. There have been many studies conducted on how easy it is to guess passwords and to be able to crack passwords, like this study here: http://web.a.ebscohost.com.proxy-um.researchport.umd.edu/ehost/detail/detail?vid=4&sid=fb778bd0-2cd9-4cfa-a45b-0c83ac553c42%40sessionmgr4006&bdata=JnNpdGU9ZWhvc3QtbGl2ZQ%3d%3d#AN=32877299&db=asn. Now that we are aware of the issue, we need to create a new strong password. While there are no perfect passwords, there are some general ideas that should be implemented to everyone's passwords. The most important of these would be: longer the password the better, mix of upper and lowercase, inclusion of symbols, and no ties to personal information. For more secure password tips, here is a good article: https://www.webroot.com/us/en/resources/tips-articles/how-do-i-create-a-strong-password 

Social Media posting: My final soltion to the security breach that occured is for Eric to do a better job at managing his social media Accounts. From the OSINT info we discovered in HW2, we found out ALOT of information about Eric. This information was the baseline and got us our foot in the door to be able to carry out the bigger attack on the server. As we live each and every day across multiple social media platforms, it is important to realize what information we leak out and how that information could possibly be used against us and the people around us. Here is a paper that discusses the issues with people sharing all of their personal information online as well as possible fixes: https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-14527-8_14 